So let's have a look at the service quota,
service type service quotas,
and go to the service itself.
So here we can manage the quotas of all our services
and have a look at the limits that are in place.
So I'm going to click on every services,
and here are all the services on AWS,
which is quite nice.
And I'm just going to find one that's simple to understand.
For example, AWS Lambda.
So here we have the service quotas for Lambda,
and we can see that there are some limits.
For example, the asynchronous payload is limited
to 256 kilobytes, and we cannot adjust it.
That's why it is grayed out.
But some options, for example,
the concurrent executions is not greater.
So I can click on it, and I can adjust it.
For example, here at the account level.
So we click on it and we have information.
For example, it's been used one count.
That means that we use approximately one of the quota
out of the 50 that is applied as a limit on my account.
And the maximum value here,
or default value is 1000.
So we can adjust it.
For example, we can request an increase at account level,
and now we're at 50.
But for example, we can increase 400.
And so from some services, the smaller increases
are going to be automatically approved.
For the larger ones, they're submitted to the support.
And if it's a support, there is a timeline.
It takes time, and you need to wait a little bit.
So you could include it to a hundred if you wanted to.
The other thing you could do is to monitor this.
So you can see here,
we have the concurrent executions here, graph.
So I use it barely,
but if I wanted to, I could create an alarm
if I approach my limits.
For example, here on the CloudWatch alarms,
I can create an alarm.
And we say, okay, when we're at 80%
of the applied quota value,
then alarm quota,
Lambda, concurrent
execution.
Here we go.
And so we create an alarm
that will trigger at 80% of the quota.
That could be helpful for us, for example,
to know that we should improve the quota
in order not to get limited.
So the alarm is created, but we can configure the actions
by clicking on this green button.
And this will take us directly
into the CloudWatch alarms UI.
And so I can do action edits.
And in there on step two, I can configure the actions
and for example, send a notification
when we are an alarm to an SMS topic, demo topic.
And then we'll receive an email if we have an email set up
on this SMS topic
and then save it.
And now we have an alarm on the quota.
So these quotas are extremely helpful
because well, we're going to get, first of all,
the monitoring of the values of the quotas,
and then we can get alarms if we think that a quota
is going to reach a limit,
which is great when you work in an enterprise.
All right, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.